c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\BubbFX.dll.config
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\BubbFX.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\BubbFX.pdb
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\obj\Debug\BubbFX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\obj\Debug\BubbFX.dll
c:\users\ange\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BubbFX\BubbFX\obj\Debug\BubbFX.pdb
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\BubbFX.dll.config
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\BubbFX.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\BubbFX.pdb
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\obj\Debug\BubbFX.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\obj\Debug\BubbFX.dll
C:\Users\Ange\Documents\GitHub\BubbFX\BubbFX\BubbFX\obj\Debug\BubbFX.pdb
